README.md, before:

![MasterHead](assets/mario.gif)
<h1 align="center">Hi👋 I'm Harsh Sahu</h1>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://git.io/typing-svg"><img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&center=true&vCenter=true&random=false&width=600&lines=Computer+Science+Undergraduate;Technology+Connoisseur;Aspiring+AI+and+ML+Engineer;Learning+Fullstack+Development" alt="Typing SVG" /></a>

</p>
<p align="center">
<em>
    This is me <b>Harsh Sahu</b>, a first year <b>Computer Science</b> undergraduate from <b>VIT</b></a>.
    An aspiring <b>Data Structures,</b>&nbsp; <b>Full Stack</b>&nbsp; and <b> AI & ML Enthusiast.</b> </em>
  <br>
</p>

### 🌱 Let's Connect :
<div>

[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:dev.hashcodes@gmail.com)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/hashcodes_)
[![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=Reddit&logoColor=white)](https://www.reddit.com/user/parazeeknova)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/hashcodes_)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://www.discord.com/users/Parazeeknova#0122)

</div>

<h3> 🐧 Little facts about me : </h3>

- 🌟 About Me: I'm a passionate learner who's always hungry for knowledge.
- 🔭 I’m currently working on Python GUI's for desktop.
- 🎓 Education : Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering (Expected Graduation: 2027)
- 👯 I’m looking to collaboration with any projects.
- 💡 Contributing to Open Source Projects.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love video games, especially RPGs.
<br>

### 🧑🏻‍💻 Tech Stack / Tools: 
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Mysql](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/parazeeknova)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
[![Gitlab](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab-330F63?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)](https://gitlab.com/parazeeknova)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![VScode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)


</br>

---
### 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=parazeeknova&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)

</div>
<div align="center">

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=parazeeknova&theme=dark&hide_border=true)

</div>

<div align="center">

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=parazeeknova&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact&hide=shell)

</div>

---

### 💭 Random Dev Quote  

<div align="center">

![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&?border=false&theme=dark&)

</div>

---

Commit message:

Added some missing shields
Added tkinter and customtkinter shields

README.md, after:

![MasterHead](assets/mario.gif)
<h1 align="center">Hi👋 I'm Harsh Sahu</h1>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://git.io/typing-svg"><img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&center=true&vCenter=true&random=false&width=600&lines=Computer+Science+Undergraduate;Technology+Connoisseur;Aspiring+AI+and+ML+Engineer;Learning+Fullstack+Development" alt="Typing SVG" /></a>

</p>
<p align="center">
<em>
    This is me <b>Harsh Sahu</b>, a first year <b>Computer Science</b> undergraduate from <b>VIT</b></a>.
    An aspiring <b>Data Structures,</b>&nbsp; <b>Full Stack</b>&nbsp; and <b> AI & ML Enthusiast.</b> </em>
  <br>
</p>

### 🌱 Let's Connect :
<div>

[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:dev.hashcodes@gmail.com)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/hashcodes_)
[![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=Reddit&logoColor=white)](https://www.reddit.com/user/parazeeknova)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/hashcodes_)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://www.discord.com/users/Parazeeknova#0122)

</div>

<h3> About: </h3>

- 🌟 About Me: I'm a passionate learner who's always hungry for knowledge.
- 🔭 I’m currently working with Python GUI for desktop applications.
- 🎓 Education : Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering (Expected Graduation: 2027)
- 👯 I’m looking to collaboration with any projects.
- 💡 Contributing to Open Source Projects.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love video games, especially RPGs.
<br>

### 🧑🏻‍💻 Tech Stack / Tools: 
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
[![Tkinter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tkinter-GUI%20Library-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&logo=tkinter)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/tkinter.html)
![CustomTkinter](https://img.shields.io/badge/CustomTkinter-GUI%20Library-orange?style=for-the-badge)
![Mysql](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/parazeeknova)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
[![Gitlab](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitLab-330F63?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white)](https://gitlab.com/parazeeknova)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![VScode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
<br>

---
### 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=parazeeknova&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)

</div>
<div align="center">

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=parazeeknova&theme=dark&hide_border=true)

</div>

<div align="center">

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=parazeeknova&theme=dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact&hide=shell)

</div>

---

### 💭 Random Dev Quote  

<div align="center">

![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&?border=false&theme=dark&)

</div>

---
